Modify Rule S2612: Add Docker (APPSEC-440) (#1560)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S2612/docker/ask-yourself.adoc

> == Ask Yourself Whether

Reviewer: You should actually write that in the original ask-yourself rather than here, I think this can benefit all the implementations

Author: Adjusted the Docker one, as discussed, I thinks its best to do another PR to tackle the main ask-yourself.

> * The container is designed to be a multi-user environment. 
> * The directory or file contains sensitive information.
> 
> There is a risk if you answered yes to the question.

Reviewer: Here is a suggestion to avoid talking about sensitivity (
https://docs.sonarqube.org/latest/extension-guide/adding-coding-rules/#coding-rule-guidelines
)

```suggestion
* The container is designed to be a multi-user environment. 
* Removing permissions to `others` brings instability.

There is a risk if you answered no to these questions.
```

Author: To be honest, talking about resource sensitivity here should be the main concern in my opinion.
